( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
There is no deity except You.
Exalted are You.
Indeed, I am among the wrongdoers.
There is no deity but Allah.
Muhammad is His messenger.
- Hey, kid, get up. Get up! - Help!
- No! Help! - Come with me!
Help!
Shut up! Silence!
Hold this girl.
Help!
- Hey, Sham. Her hand. - Help!
Her hand, Sham.
Kid, your hand here... You know, your hand...
I'll slash your hand off.
Then you'll be crippled.
Once you're crippled, I'll sell you off.
Do you hear me? Cry as much as you want.
Where's Dad?
Why aren't you at the hospital?
Do I look like a secretary in this house?
Why are you being so rude?
Your dad's in your room.
Ridha.
I completely forgot.
Dad?
Mom? Mom!
Quiet!
Mom, why can't I open this door?
Mom, where's Dad? You said he fell in the bathroom.
Mom.
Want to know why you're being locked up?
Because you don't give me enough allowance.
Mom, I give you more than half of what I make.
It should be enough.
It isn't!
You should give me every penny of your salary.
You think you can get away with it because you live on your own?
I can't do that, Mom.
Who'll pay off the two personal loans?
What a lousy excuse.
Who told you to take up those loans?
Idiot! Shut up!
I paid for your wedding. Don't you feel ashamed?
Hey, you have to marry Adib
because he promised
to give me 10,000 ringgit
every single month.
Yes, marry Adib. Serves you right.
What is wrong with you?
You're trying to sell our daughter.
What's wrong with you? I'm not selling her off.
Even though she's disobedient,
I still try to find a good husband for her.
You know? So she could live well.
So you think I'm a bad mother?
Why are you silent? Answer me!
Am I a bad mother? Oh, gosh.
Megat.
Daniel.
Take the kids away.
Well, hello.
Finally, the sea pups crazed by women are here.
Nice to meet you all.
The name's Beng.
Chi Beng.
Put down all your weapons.
I said, put them down.
One.
He's gone mad.
Yeah, all bad guys are mad.
Could you just keep quiet?
Just stand by.
Two.
Three.
- Help! - Help us!
- Help! - Help!
Help!
- I learned this from Batman. - Help!
Inspired by the Joker.
Let go of the kids.
Sure. I would be happy to.
See that rope?
I'll see you soon, boys.
Hello?
Hey, your husband-to-be is here.
You know what?
Your groom is tall,
but his belly is round like Doraemon's.
He'll surely trip if he walks.
No wonder Mom forced you to attend the marriage course.
So she was planning to get you married.
But seriously, your husband is so random.
He's bald and has a long beard.
His teeth have gaps.
He wears a robe.
He must be a pervert.
The marriage solemnizer is on his way.
Can you wait a bit?
You must be so eager.
Bye.
T.
H.
A.
R.
I.
Q.
Peace be upon you.
Did anyone order a ride?
Mom!
- What's taking you so long? - Stop screaming.
What's with the shawl and everything?
- I want to look good. - You do.
Peace be upon you too.
Oh, gosh. Please, come in.
- How are you? - How are you? I'm great.
You look sweet today.
What are you waiting for? Show our son-in-law the place. Go on.
- Please, do come in. - Yes, come in.
- Please. - Peace be upon you.
- Peace be upon you too. - Peace be upon you too.
Great, the solemnizer is here.
- Come, let's go inside. - Come on.
Please open this door.
I came to save you.
You think your grand gesture is cute?
You might woo other women,
but honestly, I don't think this is cute at all.
Yes, I realize that this is totally not cute.
This is the dumbest thing that I have ever done,
but if I have to do this 15 million times, I would.
Because I don't mind being dumb for you.
- Come. - Go away.
Come on, I'm already here.
Don't you understand? Go!
So you'll just give in and marry that guy?
It's better than running away with you!
Are you mad at me?
Mad? I'm no longer upset.
I just hate you, Ridz.
I hate you with all my heart!
I've still got time.
Honey.
Who is she?
His fiancée.
Fiancée?
Are you serious?
You're going out with me,
but you got engaged to her?
Your plot twist is so interesting.
Let's end this.
All men
who have fallen for me
were all jerks.
And then you came along.
I thought you were different.
But it seems that you're even worse.
Radwa.
What? What more do you want?
I told you before.
I can only pray and wait for your return.
Whoever you choose is up to you. It's up to you.
But remember what you said afterward?
You would still choose me.
But you lied, Ridz. You lied!
- Radwa, I'm sorry. Okay? - Don't!
Don't apologize. It just...
It just makes it hurt more.
You deserve better.
Yeah.
I know.
And I agree.
Let's end this.
Your dreams have come true.
Congratulations, Thariq Ridzuwan.
To me,
you're dead.
Excuse me, sir.
What are we waiting for? Let's begin.
But where is the bride?
Yeah, why hasn't she come down?
How should I know, Mom?
- This is all your fault. - Why me?
Gosh! Why are they drilling at a time like this?
I get that you hate me.
Thank you for your understanding.
Now, get lost!
You can hate me forever, Radwa.
You still won't be marrying him.
Hold on. Let me fetch her.
What on earth is she doing up there?
This is embarrassing.
Let's go.
Don't regret it.
Or you want to marry him and later regret it.
Which one?
Gosh, I didn't unlock it.
I forgot. How would she get out if it's locked?
Husniya Radwa.
Radwa!
What is going on? Radwa!
Hey, Radwa!
You're getting married. Where are you going?
I don't mean to disobey you, Mom.
A useless daughter like you is disobedient or not,
you belong in one place, hell!
Where are you going?
I'm sorry, Mom. But I just can't marry him.
Hey!
I'm sorry, Mrs. Rozita.
Where are you going?
- Dad. - Radwa.
Please go with Ridz.
But I don't want to disobey Mom.
But if you don't go with Ridz,
you'll be disobeying me.
- But Mom's... - Who do you love more?
Me or your mom?
Go. Hurry.
So, where to now?
Swimming in this lake wouldn't be it.
Radwa.
Not talking, huh?
Then you can type.
Okay, fine.
Let's go to my mom's.
What's your actual plan?
Why so hostile? You were nice before.
Nothing's changed.
Do you think you're Rangga?
Who's Rangga?
I'm Thariq Ridzuwan.
Listen, you've taken me away from my home.
So, what's next? What's your plan?
I don't know.
You don't know?
You should've just left me there.
No need to play a hero, cutting off the window bars.
- And let you marry that dude? - It's far better than marrying you.
Oh?
I never said I'd marry you.
Always a waste of time. And he kidnapped me.
What? What am I supposed to do now?
Lia. Oh, Lia.
Where have you been?
You called Ridz, didn't you?
Ridz who?
Thariq Ridzuwan? Even if you missed him, you shouldn't have pulled my scarf.
You called him, right?
Why would I call him?
To save me from getting married.
- Getting married? When? With whom? - Adib. This morning.
- Who's Adib? - The son of my mom's friend.
Why am I not aware of this Adib?
We're sisters with different parents.
How come I didn't know you were getting married today?
My mom forced me. What else?
She lied, saying that my dad fell in the bathroom.
So I came home and she locked me up in my room.
She locked you up? Why didn't you call me?
I left my phone in the car.
So Ridz came and saved you from marrying Adib?
He showed up at my window on a crane,
cut off the window bars, and brought me here.
Oh, my God. That's so sweet! Do you see his efforts now?
But how did he find out you were getting married?
Because you told him.
How could I tell him when I don't even know about it?
- Then, who called him? - Then, who called him?
Lia.
Ridz.
I know.
He came back, Lia.
He showed up in front of me.
Relax, okay?
I'm here. It's okay.
It's okay.
Ridz.
Do you miss me?
No.
You're so funny.
No, I'm not.
I came here to fulfill a promise.
What promise?
I promised Aina
that when she turns 25
and you're still single,
I want you to marry Aina.
That's a big smile.
I'm sure that means you're happy to marry Aina.
No.
Just a bit entertained.
You're so funny.
What does your promise to Aina have to do with me?
Please don't create drama.
Why won't you marry her?
I've liked you since I was little.
Yeah, because you were always hanging around here.
I take you as my sister.
But not an actual sister.
By religion,
you're allowed to marry Aina.
Auntie.
Can you stop talking about us getting married?
My hand might not know how to shake your hand in the future.
Why is it so hard for you to accept her?
Listen here.
My life partner,
my soulmate, is the one and only
Husniya Radwa.
No one else.
She's my past, present, and future.
That is my vow.
If you'll excuse me.
Peace be upon you.
What should we have for lunch?
Smashed chicken.
- Sounds good, right? - The sambal is to die for.
I think...
Radwa.
Are you okay?
I was worried. I've never heard from you since that day.
I was worried you might get sick or something.
I called you so many times, but I couldn't reach you.
I left my phone in my car, Mom.
I know.
So today, I came here with your dad.
I want to return your car.
I've parked it at the front.
One more thing.
Your cellphone.
I've charged it for you.
From now on, if I call you,
can you please answer?
Promise?
You were supposed to get married last Saturday.
But why did you run off with another guy?
Why?
The solemnizer was there. Preparations were done.
The groom was there. How could you do that to me?
Now, I want you to feel my embarrassment.
Mrs. Rozita, Radwa has the right to marry--
Shut up!
Shut up. Not a word from you.
Adib asked for 50,000 ringgit as compensation.
You have to pay for that. If you don't, you'll be sued.
If you don't want to see your dad and me get locked up,
pay that compensation.
Where are we going to get 50,000?
50,000. You have to pay for that. If you don't pay, you'll be sued.
Breathe. Breathe.
It's okay.
Sorry, Niya.
Your application didn't go through.
Your credit score failed.
I've been making monthly payments, Sara.
But it was rejected by the system.
What more can I do?
I'm sure there's a way you can help me.
Niya, my KPI is being evaluated.
You're a high-risk borrower.
I'll get in trouble.
High risk?
When you were down and had no sales,
you begged me to take a personal loan from you, so I helped.
Even when your bank's interest was over the roof,
I still took out two loans under you.
Niya, if you weren't sincere,
you shouldn't have helped, okay?
You don't need to bring that up.
You are just like your system.
Cruel capitalists.
Cruel.
Guys, she said I was cruel.
So rude.
- What? - Oh, my God. How rude.
I really hate Niya.
Why don't we take revenge on her?
But how?
We prank her like we used to.
But what kind of prank are we going to do?
I have an idea.
What if we invite her to the reunion
and embarrass her in front of everyone?
Like the good old times.
I don't think she'll come.
She's desperate for money, right?
We'll announce that there'll be a lucky draw at the reunion.
The winner shall receive 50,000 ringgit.
- How does that sound? - That's right.
Serves her right.
Oh, Niya.
I, Datin Zizi Abu Samah,
as the benefactor of the Teduh Transit Home,
hereby declare Teduh Library officially open for the children.
Where is it?
- Where's what, sweetheart? - My present.
You used to remember my birthday.
Never mind. I'm not sad.
- May God bless you - May God bless you
- May God bless you, Fateh - Come on.
Thanks, Wawa.
You can hate me a million times over,
but don't let Fateh miss out on a gift because of me.
Take this. Please.
Take it.
- Happy birthday, Fateh. - Thank you.
You don't need to pretend to be an introvert by standing here by yourself.
Is that for me?
Is this what you call love?
Husniya Radwa.
Radwa.
I've been meaning to ask you this.
Your name is Husniya Radwa, right?
But has anyone ever called you,
"Bro, one Husniyarawatusu, please!"
You haven't changed even a bit.
Five years, Thariq.
You disappeared for five years, then you popped up out of the blue.
What are you hoping for?
Not to marry me, right?
So where's your fiancée?
Or has she been bombed to death?
You don't even know the difference between a landmine and a pot.
- How'd you get into the army? - I no longer have a fiancée.
Why?
Why do you want to know?
Don't be cheeky by answering a question with a question.
I'm not flirting with you.
Radwa.
This is not the Radwa I knew. Why are you so mad at me?
The Radwa you knew never liked people who easily got upset.
You're the reason I hated myself.
I had no one else at the time, Ridz.
I only had you.
I was depending only on you.
But you lied to me.
You left me for another woman.
Until I felt numb.
Yes, I did want to die.
But I didn't even have the guts to die.
I was an idiot, wasn't I?
Weak.
So I bottled up all that pain until eventually I became angry.
I didn't like it, but that was the only way I knew how to cope,
so I didn't lose my mind.
- Radwa, you-- - I was filled with anger, Ridz.
Radwa, you can't be like this forever.
Please don't do this.
Teduh is the only place I can calm down.
Even for a moment.
Only by being here, I don't think of you,
I forget you, and I don't feel like I've lost my mind.
- But you still ruined it. - Husniya Radwa.
Why do you hate me so much?
Why can't you leave me alone in peace?
Why can't you stop hurting me?
I never meant to hurt you, Radwa.
As long as you're around,
I keep hurting.
I hate you, Ridz.
I hate you.
You were so late.
The store was about to close. Luckily, the lady was nice.
There are only a few days left.
Where can I dig up the money to pay Adib?
I know.
- I can borrow from loan sharks. - Hey.
No. No, Husniya Radwa.
Don't do it.
Lia, this is my only chance.
Hey.
The reunion! There'll be a lucky draw.
So?
If you win, you'll get 50,000 ringgit.
Just go and try. Who knows? You might win.
That's ridiculous, Lia.
Who in their right mind would donate 50,000 for a college reunion?
Unless it's the Megah Holdings Annual Dinner.
Just give it a whirl. You might win. Just show up, Niya.
Just imagine. One hundred people attend the event.
Only one can win the lucky draw.
Just in case you haven't noticed, my life is full of bad luck.
I'll never win these things.
Come on, just come with me.
Rather than borrowing money from loan sharks,
it's better to attend the reunion.
Okay, listen.
Just show up.
If you don't win, you can borrow from loan sharks or whoever you want.
But I promise you that during your funeral,
you won't have your hands and feet anymore.
And my speech will be like this,
"The deceased was a total idiot."
Your ideas are nonsense.
Is my dress all right?
We'll talk about the 50,000 later. Just make sure you go, okay?
Wa, where are you? Are you coming?
It's about to start.
I hate her for doing this.
Hey, Dahlia.
What do you want?
Is Niya coming?
What's it to you?
She's not coming to the reunion because of me, right?
Listen up, Syafiq.
Niya accepted you before out of pity.
She didn't know how to reject you. Why?
She's afraid you'd get sulky.
And when that Medusa or Maria stole you from her,
did you see her lose her mind?
No, right?
What's his problem?
Honey!
Dahlia. Happy to see you here.
- Lia! Oh, my God! We miss you! - Lia!
- Where's Niya? - Where's Niya?
Why is everyone so interested in her?
Guys.
- So Niya isn't coming? - She will.
She's desperate to win that 50,000, isn't she?
Hi, good evening, boys and girls.
Look at me here. Hi!
This year, we're going to have a big surprise!
A big round of applause.
This year, we'll be doing a lucky draw.
The winner shall receive 50,000 ringgit.
Sara. Please, come over here.
It's time to draw the name.
Who do you guys think the winner is?
And the winner is...
Drum roll!
Husniya Radwa!
Niya, where are you?
You've won yourself 50,000 ringgit.
Fifty thousand.
I have a really great prize for you, Niya.
Husniya! Or...
Here.
So there's our winner.
Where did you go, Niya? Hurry up.
Come on, you won.
Niya, hurry. You won. Don't you want the prize?
Congratulations!
Take a step forward. All right.
- A big round of applause. - Over here.
One, two, three. Smile!
Serves you right.
This is the greatest prize for Niya.
Niya.
TO BE CONTINUED
When will you get it through your head
that you're the reason behind my pain?
This is Zafir.
He just came back from the States.
Soon, you two will get engaged.
Stop! Stop!
Let me take care of you every moment of the day.
Can I trust that you won't leave me like you once did?
I think it's time for Radwa to know
why you had to leave her before.
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW